Hello.
Hello, everyone.
Very excited to be here.
And, my name is Yotam
from the University of Tokyo.
And on behalf of my coauthors,
I'm happy to present VeasyGuide.
So online learning is very common
these days, especially with videos,
in platforms like YouTube, Khan Academy, Coursera,
or even recorded lectures from zoom.
And many of these videos also contain slides.
And for learning, communication
between instructors
and students is very important.
And, how do instructors
communicate with student and slide based videos?
So, a lot of instructors
use, for example, pointers
or digital pens to communicate
their intent to the students.
For instance, instructors
can use pointing actions to point
to different parts of the slide,
to convey their intent or they can use
marking actions
to emphasize certain portions of the slides.
Moreover, they can use sketching to,
add additional content
to the slide
and explain different concepts to students.
So using these three methods: pointing,
marking, and sketching, instructors can communicate
with the students.
Let's see an example of that from Khan Academy.
Try to pay attention to the pointing,
marking and sketching actions.
And this video has sound.
This video has sound.
Yeah, this video should have sound.
All of our elements are listed here
in the periodic table of elements.
C stands for carbon.
I'm just going through
the ones that are very relevant to humanity.
But over time, you'll
probably familiarize yourself with all of these.
This is oxygen. This is nitrogen.
This is silicon.
This is a U is gold.
This is lead.
As you can see,
trying to follow along is kind of challenging.
And it's can be very difficult,
especially for low vision
learners who still use the residual vision.
So for low vision learners, this kind of like
problem is called the visual search problem,
which is basically not knowing
where to look and what to look for.
And this leads to a lot of
like frustration, exhaustion
and very high cognitive effort,
which makes learning a bit much more difficult.
So a lot of people just give up on the visuals
and only listen,
but they give up on a lot of visual information
that can be very important.
So this poses our main
research question,
which is what can we do to improve this experience
for low vision individuals?
And to address this we introduce VeasyGuide.
So VeasyGuide basically detects activities
such as that
highlights them and makes it simple to zoom
with personalization incorporated.
Now I'm going to show the same video as before,
but with the VeasyGuide enabled.
The users can click to zoom,
or they can pause the video
to personalize the highlights.
All of our elements are listed here
in the periodic table of elements.
C stands for carbon.
I'm just going through
the ones that are very relevant
to humanity,
but over time you'll probably familiarize
and the user can personalize as well.
As yourself with all of these.
This is oxygen. This is nitrogen.
This is silica.
Or it change the personalization
throughout the video on this is AEW is gold.
This is led.
So using these
so VeasyGuide was created
with an co-design process.
It was a co-design with three low vision
participants
as well as my own experience
as a as a low vision individual.
And we had three main questions
for the co-design process.
The first is how do low vision experience
visual activities?
What challenges these activities introduce,
and also what makes these activities easier
to detect?
For the sake of time,
I'm going to focus on the third question.
So through the co-design process
and the iteration,
we created those, design implications
for VeasyGuide.
And once the VeasyGuide is based on,
the first one is, of course,
providing visual access.
With less effort.
And we do that through highlights
and magnification or zoom.
The second one is that visual styles
should be familiar
to users and familiarity,
something that we achieve through
consistent styles throughout the video,
and also using familiar indicators.
So, for instance, in guide
we use mouse pointers of different shapes.
One more
thing is predictability of what,
when and where to look.
So in this guide we introduce
a 1.5 seconds pre activity highlight.
So the highlight shows before an activity starts.
And also we implement a box shape highlight
which C1 mentioned.
The box tells me exactly where and on
what to look at.
So the box gives spatial information as well.
And finally personalization
for different visual abilities.
So different people have different needs.
And so having personalization
as part of the design itself
allows this guide to be, usable
by many more people.
So these are the four design implications
that are the source of easy guide.
Visio itself is, composed of two main components
an activity recognition pipeline,
which uses computer vision methods,
as well as a graph representation
of the visual changes
that allows us to detect activities
and activity visualization,
which is implemented as a web based application
so activities can be changed
and customized on the fly.
And this
is the base of basically
this is how visit guide works.
So get back to our research question,
of how we improve it.
So the question is will VeasyGuide
improve the experience
of low vision people?
So to evaluate VeasyGuide, we used real world
videos from various creators with various styles.
And we had, recruited eight low
vision participants
to basically try and see if it can
improve low vision access to visual activities.
But more than that,
we also recruited eight sighted participants
to see what will be the impact on a visit
guide on sighted people.
And we had two main tasks.
The first is a localization task,
which allows us to focus on the visual search
problem specifically,
and the second task is a viewing task
which allows us to explore
the experience of learning with easy guide.
So, in this work we prioritize external validity.
So we allow participants
to use any of their assistive tools,
such as magnifier, screen readers, etc.
and here are some of the results.
So, the first thing is that VeasyGuide
significantly
allows low vision people to notice
more activities.
So from a 16.9% accuracy,
we go up to 88.2%.
So this is a significant improvement.
And they do that with faster times.
So we have a median of 1.37 seconds
using the baseline.
So no VeasyGuide compared to 1.19
seconds with VeasyGuide.
So we can make it faster as well.
But more than that, VeasyGuide
also significantly reduced
the cognitive load that is needed for learning.
So when all of the cognitive load metrics
that we tested
effort, frustration, mental demand,
physical demand
and temporal demand.
VeasyGuide reduced significantly
the difficulty there and,
more than that, qualitative findings
support our results.
So VeasyGuide makes it easier to follow along.
The instructor L2 mentioned,
I felt as if the instructor had control
so I can connect with the instructor.
His intent
and L3
mentioned it helped me stay with the instructor.
I saw that the instructor was drawing a boat
and I was happy I did not miss it.
VeasyGuide also improved the overall experience
of learning L1 mentioned.
One of the biggest problems is that I don't know
what in the video requires my attention.
VeasyGuide offloads this difficulty
to software and eyestrain less
L5 mentioned.
I felt relaxed listening
instead of constantly worrying about where
the next thing that would show up,
I could just sit back,
listen and learn
and remember why I enjoy learning.
But of course, VeasyGuide contains
some limitations as well.
First of all, the learning curve.
So, VC has some learning curves to it.
L1 mentioned I would have to get used to it.
But getting used to it and figuring out
figuring out my own workflow would let me,
I think,
worry less about the visual part
and focus more on the content.
And, some users wanted more granular control.
So beyond the personalization,
some users wanted more control.
So L6 mentioned, with a zoom part of the screen
get cut off.
So I might have missed things.
I'm not sure
if there was a way to move the zoom window,
but I'd really like the freedom to move it around.
So beyond what we did with personalization,
some participants wanted extra controls as well.
For sighted participants,
we found that VeasyGuide provides
some benefits as well.
For example,
it helps retain and preserve attention.
So S1 mentioned,
if I'm bored, the highlights
help draw my attention
back to the video and to the right place.
It also helps focusing on the learning
with S2 mentioning
I could just focus on receiving information.
It allowed me to focus on the learning part.
So, beyond, low vision people,
it also has the potential to enhance
the learning experience for others as well.
To conclude, we
discussed in the paper on
how can we design tools to support
low vision users in tasks
that require visual search.
So we reflect on our findings from the co-design
process as well as the user study.
And we found, four,
key concepts as a design framework.
The first one is familiarity with target visuals.
The second is predictability
via spatial temporal context
and personalization for changing needs.
So all of these are extended
beyond the co-design findings.
And we introduce another one,
which is preserving the user agency,
which I want to explain in a little bit
more detail.
So VeasyGuide basically gives low vision learners
the choice to look, see or follow the instructor.
And we VeasyGuide, they have the freedom
to always find the right place of focus
so they can look anywhere else
in the slide and decide, actually I want to see
what the instructor is talking about now.
So it gave them the option similar
to some people, to basically see
whatever they want to see at a time
and not miss out on, things.
Thank you so much for listening.
I'm very excited to share this, work.
VeasyGuide is available online right now
with a few sample videos, but very soon
you will be able to use your own videos
and have VeasyGuide work on them.
So please stay tuned for that.
And thank you so much.